Variable file is simulink file, 'Week2' is MATLAB file.

## Week 2 Feedback (5/5)
First, please provide more instructions in this README file for future projects on how to run your files as well as include a small description of what your files accomplish. When running the MATLAB script, there were some errors with Line 28 due to the solver name not being a valid setting for the SolverName. This is because you are trying to pass a 1x2 cell into the simulink model settings which causes that error. A fix for this would be to start your for loops with "for i = 1:length(array)" and then setting a variable underneath like "variable = array(i)". I received a message from one of your members asking if I could provide the team with some code for week 2 and sadly I cannot do this as it would not be fair to the other teams who were able to accomplish the week 2 deliverables. I would say to do as much as the team can on getting the information that is needed to create the plots in Part 1. But do not spend all your time on this, since Part 2 of the project can be done without needing the plots from Part 1 since all the information need is the shaft speed (look at week 3 deliverables) and the cpu time. I would also note that I have office hours Tuesday/Thursday from 11-12 and if that doesn't work Friday is available via appointment. Moving onto Part 2 of the project, the team will need to create different simulink models for the 3 options on how to connect System 2 to System 1. A suggestion would be to copy the model used for Part 1 and modifying it for each of the options. Once the entire project is complete, make sure to commit all Part 1 and Part 2 files with the  commit message "Project 1 Final"