For week 1 & 2, the team utilized initializing files as initial conditions to simulate a longitudinal vehicle model that is connected to a chasis and wheel model in SIMULINK. There are 3 MATLAB codes and 1 Simulink model included in this week's deliverables. The 'init' file includes initial values for canstans that are found in the simulink model p3_w1_car.slx. Some constants are vehicle mass, wheelbase, center of gravity height. Additionally, there is a torque converter for the inertia values.
The 'P3init.m' file contains the parameters and initial conditions of the vehicle dynamics, battery data, longitudinal dynamics, etc. The tires coefficients and axle information is also found here. This file was used in conjunction with the others to produce the figure.
The file 'initDriverCycle' is a code with purely numbers that represent the velicity of the vehicle that will be used in the simulation file.
In 'p3_runsim', the DriveData from 'initDriveCycle' is used to plot a time vs velocity figure with a +- 3 boundary lines to ensure the velocity remains within a +- 3 mph uncertainty range. In the plot, there are 2 main lines that is the simulated velocity and the drive cycle velocity for comparison of both data sets.
The 'p3_w1_car.slx' contains all the neccesary models such as drive schedule, simple driver, power train, braking, wheel, and vehicle submodels that utilize the initial constants and outputs to create the necessary plots of velocity, distance, acceleration, and braking plots via scope blocks. Proportional values and Intergrating values were changed to 0.45 and 0.35 respectively to ensure both simulations wouldn't cross the +-3 boundaries and reduce error throughout the entirety of the simulation.

## Week 1/2 Feedback (4.4/5)
The first thing I want to mention is that the Highway drive cycle seems to not be the correct data, please click on the following link to get the correct Highway data: https://www.epa.gov/sites/default/files/2015-10/hwycol.txt. The second thing I want to mention is that the Urban drive cycle was not used so please make sure to use both Highway and Urban drive cycles, here is the link for the Urban: https://www.epa.gov/sites/default/files/2015-10/uddscol.txt. Also I would suggest using a script that can run the Simulink model for both highway and urban cycles and plots the simulated data against the actual drive cycle so that there are 2 plots generated. Looking at the simulink model I can see that not much was changed from the demo, so for the future of project 3  I would advise the team to do the following: 1) In the driver subsystem, start adding/developing logic for regen braking. 2) In the braking subsystem, there are more things that needto be added regarding the logic of how the brake torque/brake force is calculated. I would suggest looking at the long dynamics lecture and  taking assumptions to simplify the calculations for the brake torque but I advise to utilize some of the braking logic (locked and unlocked) 3) Start developing an Electric Motor Drive subsystem that has the components needed for the electric motor (battery, inverter, electric motor) and develop the logic that is needed to calculate the motor torque. The team should also add a Drive subsystem that takes in the outputs from the Electric Motor Drive Subsystem and multiplies the outputs by some Final Drive Gear Ratio (FDG) which will replace the current powertrain block. 
